sheets of nylon and plastic these are
the materials protecting displaced
Palestinians in the southern Gaza no
match for the biting cold and blowing
winds the rain is another
struggle m is a father of five he says
their tent sinks every time it
trains the tent we're in doesn't protect
us from Sun or the cold all night we
have sunk in the rain my kids and I we
have no idea what to do our life is a
tragedy thank God for
everything the children are shivering
and barefoot in this cold without enough
to eat they wait eagerly for their meal
of the little their parents could
provide myua was forced out of the ishat
refugee camp under Israel's bombardment
she lives in this small tent with 18
other members of her family she says
they haven't received any Aid or help
and have no money to buy any blankets or
mattresses or even clothes for the
children we escaped from the
bombardments We Came Here We were
supposed to go to an un school or
shelter but we found them all full of
people so we had to buy these plastic
sheets and wood to make a tent to save
us from the cold these families and
thousands others like them have been
displaced into these thin tents after
Israeli war planes bombed their homes
they have no blankets no warm clothes or
anything to survive the
cold this used to be a United Nations
run training center now a shelter
overcrowded with the tents of those
displaced these areas are what Israel
calls safe shelters and and orders
evacuees to go
to there's no cooking gas entering Gaza
after Israel imposed a full blockade at
the beginning of this
war so many here are forced to cook
using firewood some have even made their
own ovens to bake their
bread I bring firewood from the bush and
burn it so that we can bake for
ourselves and for others in order to
live and help people survive we also
made this oven from the iron sheets so
that we can cook and bake food in
it these displaced families are dealing
not only with the bitter weather but
also with the reality of a conflict that
has shattered families yum Al jaaz kanun
is in the southern Gaza
Strip make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz
out